so I think what I love a bustle so much
is that you know you always have us
doing something you always stay so close
to your theme last season we were
gambling in Paris we were yeah I do I
loved it I you know I mean I had to do
gambling is win big I think I one big
with busted that big and i think i won
babe
last season we were at the Paris casinos
however we're leaving Paris and we're
traveling the world exactly yes we're
getting on a we're getting on our yacht
getting into our Bentley getting into
our jets and just exactly traveling the
world I've been working with them you
know different people in Canada for
years and when I saw the line I was just
like really really blown away and I
thought it was just really tastefully
done you're going all over the place
this one you're moving around a lot you
know this this one we just kind of kind
of wrapped up that whole aspirational
adventurer that's always you know the
basis for our themes and it's just it's
just about luxury vintage travel you
know traveling old school but new school
you know
and bustle they are different and
they're very well made and another thing
with them as well as you collect play
around with their you know with their
clothing Calvin Klein model and good
friend of Shawn and Ruth Andrew Stetson
stepped out yet again to represent
bustles spring/summer collection well
they're closed they're just amazing and
make you really feel good about yourself
and very confident and you know Shawn
shows are pretty awesome aren't they
what I think I love about bustle is that
it makes me release my inner James Bond
like I always feel like I'm on a mission
yes yeah okay come on a mission I'm
doing something you know it's not it's
not for the regular couch potato no not
at all it really is for a guy who does
want to get up and go and wants to look
good doing whatever he's doing whether
it's you know getting on a plane or
going to a party or going to get coffee
you know it's the guy who cares you see
you care yeah yeah
you